Documentation/221 update security info for tls (#222)
exasol/pyexasol: doc/user_guide/security.rst

> Security

Author: Should we also tackle https://github.com/exasol/pyexasol/issues/174 or is this obsolete/duplicated?

- `Generating TLS files yourself to avoid providing a fingerprint <https://exasol.my.site.com/s/article/Generating-TLS-files-yourself-to-avoid-providing-a-fingerprint/>`__
- `TLS connection fails <https://exasol.my.site.com/s/article/TLS-connection-fails>`__

Authentication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The different allowed authentication methods depend on your Exasol-specific use case:
* For on-premises and Docker-based Exasol, see `SQL Reference: CREATE USER <https://docs.exasol.com/db/latest/sql/create_user.htm>`__.
* For Exasol SAAS running in the cloud, see
`Database access management <https://docs.exasol.com/saas/administration/access_mngt/access_management.htm#Databaseaccessmanagement>`__.

TLS/SSL Certificate
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A TLS/SSL certificate is used in certification verification, which is a security
mechanism that ensures the authenticity and identity of a server during encrypted
communications. When connecting to Exasol, this verification process checks whether the
server presenting itself truly is who it claims to be, preventing man-in-the-middle
attacks and ensuring secure data transmission.

> How a TLS/SSL certificate is setup, depends upon your Exasol instance:

Author: being used as a verb
```suggestion
How a TLS/SSL certificate is set up depends upon your Exasol instance:
```
